hi youtube today we're going to talk to
about the timber rattler how do you like
that 10 inch
hunting skinning knife yeah what I like
about this knife is the blue wood
handles that's really open the main
reason I bought it very cool very classy
looking with the stainless steel and the
blue handle and I put a lanyard on it
yeah this is ten inches overall it
weighs almost ten ounces is 4 and 3/4
inches the handle is about 5 inches
another than that another 5 min of
quarter inches yeah
timber rattler this is made in Pakistan
it's not super high quality the fit and
finish are about average for Pakistan
but it is a full tang blade the blade
this is all the blade blade is all it's
one piece that goes the whole 10 inches
and varies from 4 ass rivets but kind of
cool with the with the blue would handle
brass line lanyard hole yeah I just
thought it looked cool let's compare
this to a buck special 119 they're about
50 bucks believe fuck weren't sir knives
forever there's really no warranty on
this
the blade is 440 stainless it's you know
it'll hold an edge as long as you're not
chopping down trees or you know digging
in the dirt
but that's the sort of thing I would use
this knife for I wouldn't use an
expensive knife for that sort of thing
but yeah I went hunting or hiking or
camping and took this knife this would
be pretty much my everything knife I
bring a stone to keep it sharp
but yeah I'd use this for everything
digging whittling chopping small
branches yeah why not I have this listed
on damn knife shop comm for $22 I'm
going to try a weekly special this is
the weekly special I only have one of
these but if you're the first person to
order one you
get up for $18 there you go yeah I like
it it's a fun knife it's a user knife
that's what I would call a user night
just use the hell out of it all right
comes with this brown leather sheath
again it's Pakistani quality it's not
real thick leather it's not high quality
they obviously had a longer sheath and
cut it and then riveted a belt loop on
it the snap I really don't understand
this coming out of Pakistan the snap
says great steel of the state of
California 1907 yeah I don't know why
but it holds the knife just like it
should got a little snap not gonna fall
out all the way you know what's the hell
what are you on for less than 20 bucks
including postage and custom Duane
Meyers lanyard yeah check it out and BM
knife shop calm the last thing I want to
show you is a little trick you can do
with any hat I did it to my boonie hat
just because you can hide things in your
hat I would normally use duct tape for
this but I use masking tape because I
knew I was going to take it out and show
you guys
just a regular sandwich bag and there's
my fire steel yeah how do you like that
those are also available at DM knife
shop calm not the hack but fire sales
yeah but you'd like to know thanks for
watching peace out